the money's here we are with the IBF
cruiserweight champion the world Steve
USS Cunningham just completed a workout
here Philadelphia there he is get ready
we're about ten days away before leaving
for Germany taking on Marco Huck
mandatory how you feel good about three
weeks before the fight yeah you know
same old so great we're gonna working
real hard knowing that uh anybody that
can get to the number one contender's
spot is good and is a worthy opponent
just as I was but he's not taking my
title from I'm not giving it to him so
it's with me a bad day from German
automotive some 29 Theo I know before
you know you want the pole in the first
time the second I'm you know you weren't
happy but it's a job you to do yeah now
in the long run those experience that
good at that shit how much I can help
you find another 29 um I'm already it's
helped me so much as help me change my
intensity and my workouts just let me
know I got to punish these guys I got
really hurt him um you know I've been
voted that best boxer
in the world at my weight class you know
this year and that's a beautiful thing
but you know what I'm trying to get some
of these knockouts now you know we go on
and just hurt these guys I heard him
punish him come on with the belt I feel
I feel redundant by asking this question
I had the last three points and say been
abroad we think you have to knock this
guy out or beat him roll bear to get a
decision mom I got one of the fight
thing in that we got a nod from all up
you know but it's not that doesn't come
I spanked them enough to be able to get
an hour to make him quit you know you
know I don't care for not out I want you
to quit you know that makes me feel even
better but you know we just work hard
put the punches down score the points
win the rounds you want to fold the
foals if not we still come over the
phone a lot of people back you say once
you get me this beautiful piece of
jewelry here and we become twenty to
twenty-five percent better do you feel
that you have you know you the
percentages of your ability have risen
since you've uh got this nice piece of
bread jewelry here I mean I'm always
working hard i'm always pushing myself
after every fight oh you know I've heard
from people to have seen you in and know
me they said you know you know I've
changed I've got
more determined and I mean once you get
a world championship time you want to
keep you know from the treatment you get
from the the perks or souls the
Admiralty perceived a lot of perks but
you know whatever but you know just just
being a world champion makes you want to
stay world champion and I'm willing to
get in there and physically die I mean
you understand to do my best this is my
way I give praise to my god you know
through my work out you know in Jesus
name do my hard work you know this is my
my way to give back to him something he
wants to use me in a different platform
let's go someone do the thing rumor has
it you may have seen a couple fights of
Parker what do you think of him what
does he bring to the table uh he brings
light brings a lot to the table on the
movement strong you know a lot of
punches but you know would you use this
Cunningham Jesus name and we can't be
beat won't be beat um he can be defeated
he will be defeated he's already
defeated right now we just gotta go and
do the thing that's that- um I last
boxing questions your final thoughts
before we go to Jeremy you leave it on
the 19th big fight on the twenty-eighth
final thoughts final thought um just you
know everybody thanks for your prayers
please pray for safe travel safe trip
there my daughter is going great she's
awesome we just thinking man it's been a
blessing to be our to be a champion to
become a champion before your eyes and
we're making it so that we don't have to
fight for long but you know I love the
sport and you know I'm here as long as
God needs movie we know Steve Cunningham
the boxer we've seen Steve Cunningham
the model now we got see Cunningham he's
business made inventor and entrepreneur
will feature a place now in your your
portfolio yeah that's all you know we
just purchased
peace and shop at 57 for master street
and in philadelphia pennsylvania like
blocks down with rommel and you know
it's a good thing for that before for
our family that opportunity for our
family a good thing for the community
and you know just to show people a I'm
from this neighborhood I live in this
neighborhood you know I'm pretty
successful at what I do you can do and
hopefully you know some kids or
grown-ups would like to come and you
know just be inspired by that you know
I've had about six slices of pizza it
did good stuff Steve will see be seen
you in Germany on january 29 wish you
best luck in 15 rounds calm and we'll
talk you soon thank you